clarify bq qs step after config block change (#4932)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/quickstarts/change-way-model-materialized.md

    </File>

> 4. Enter the `dbt run` command. Your model, customers should now build as a view. 

Reviewer: Not sire if we removed the backticks on purpose?
```suggestion
4. Enter the `dbt run` command. Your model, `customers`, should now build as a view. 
```

Author: oh i removed it first and then copied it from the page. thank you for catching!

>    - BigQuery users should run `dbt run --full-refresh` (mentioned in step 5) to ensure the materialization changes are fully applied

Reviewer: Are we saying they shouldn't `dbt run` and instead should `dbt run --full refresh`? If so, we might want to be more specific around that:
```suggestion
   - BigQuery users need to run `dbt run --full-refresh` instead of `dbt run` to full apply materialization changes.
```
